# To use multiple triggers to realize complex financial functions

Existing smart contracts can only passively wait for a transaction’s trigger to be performed by a transaction, which presents the issue of needing the introduction of a trusted broker to establish who has the right to trigger a smart contract and under what conditions. On the Lithosphere platform, smart contracts will describe the relationships between parties through code (whether by common smart contract or by enclosed contracts). Multiple triggers will automate the execution of these smart contracts, allowing them to be engaged one after the other without the need for human interaction. As a result, many parties may trust each other using smart contract codes to perform a range of complicated financial activities. Lithosphere smart contracts provide the capacity to program ownership and usufruct independently, allowing triggers to lend usufruct to another depending on time or other conditions and execute them as promised until the final right of usufruct and ownership is restored to the participants.

Smart contracts may now perform a wide range of financial activities thanks to this functionality. For example, if you want to borrow money, you may design the Lithosphere smart contract to borrow tokens, return fresh currency, and pay interest. Using the Lithosphere platform as an example, a smart contract may autonomously administer a fund, including taking the usufruct of various tokens into a smart contract, keeping various digital assets, producing management fees, paying the dividend, and so on. Using the example of various derivatives, the smart contract may take margins and perform operations such as modifying margins, liquidating, and settling using external data source triggers.
