# Abstract

In geography, a lithosphere is the rigid, outermost shell of a terrestrial-type planet or natural satellite. On Earth, it is composed of the crust and the portion of the upper mantle that behaves elastically on time scales of thousands of years or greater. – Wikipedia.&#x20;

Having closely monitored the blockchain space for the last 10 years, the KaJ Labs Foundation can build a much better blockchain network learning from mistakes made by early networks. At this time, all types of tokens have completed some basic functions of value transfer and distribution, but they are still a long way from the fully functional financial services that the real world requires, which is why, when it comes to blockchain applications in the financial sector, all we hear is thunder but no rain falls. People need a new generation of financial infrastructure based on blockchain technology that has complete financial functionality, can link different communities and tokens, and can bridge the gap between centralized and decentralized organizations as soon as possible to usher in the era of the Internet of Value.&#x20;

We created a completely new “Email system” at the dawn of the Internet of Information, rather than transforming the “postal system.” Similarly, when the Internet of Value arrives, we want to build a new system: a value transfer infrastructure based on a variety of tokens. Lithosphere (Litho) is ready for the DeFi age! By establishing a layer of control management on top of various tokens through a distributed management of the tokens’ private keys and by providing ports both for central organizations and for external data sources, Lithosphere will connect various past and next-gen smart contracts, solving the key problem of the current Internet of Value’ insufficient interoperability.&#x20;

The lithosphere is open to everybody. It connects centralized and decentralized organizations, accommodates authentication methods and anonymous trade mechanisms, and introduces on- chain data and off-chain data by integrating the cryptocurrencies and blockchains that exist today and those that may exist in the future. The lithosphere is a Turing-complete virtual computer that allows DeFi to have unlimited reverie space across multiple tokens in the future, opening up henceforth unthinkable possibilities. The Litho project’s general concept, essential technology, and development strategy are presented in this whitepaper, which presents the prospect of decentralized banking based on an examination of the history of the Internet of Value.
